loans:
My loan is being serviced by LoanCare ( LoanCare, a XXXX company and indirect subsidiary of XXXX XXXX XXXX ). I received my first payment letter that instructed me to make the payment by check while the ACH auto draft was being set up. I made my payment on XX/XX/XXXX and then on XX/XX/XXXX they auto drafted me for my mortgage payment. I called to request a refund and they refused and said I would be always be a month ahead. They said my only option was to cancel my auto draft for XX/XX/XXXX and reinstate it in XX/XX/XXXX. I then called my mortgage broker who lodge a compliant with them. They said they would send me a check and the next thing I heard was they were wiring me the funds back. The wire never arrived meanwhile the payment was taken off my account. When I called to inquire on the wire they then said they would overnight me a check. That check never arrived. Now it is XX/XX/XXXX and XX/XX/XXXX payment is due. I had enough so I told them just to keep the funds and I would cancel my audit draft. The notice that my auto draft was in place was dated XXXX/XXXX/16 and I did n't receive it until XXXX/XXXX/16. Also I just received my tax forms on XXXX/XXXX/16 which is late. I have already filed my taxes. Based on the hold time I know I am not the only one with issues. When they processed the 2nd payment they applied it to principal and interest not to principal only. It appears their system does n't pick up on duplicate payments.

I called the bank on XX/XX/XXXX to payoff a personal loan with funds from a checking account, both at XXXX. The agent retrieved the payoff, took the information and said the loan would be paid off in XXXX days and gave me a confirmation number. Today XX/XX/XXXX, I check my online account and no pay off was made. However, a payment is due tomorrow. I called again today to voice my concerns. The agent initially told me I would owe {$7.00} more in interest but he could put in the request today. I explained that I would not be paying more interest due to an error on their part. I was surprised that when requesting to speak to a supervisor, I was told several times that the individual does not have a manger. Once he finally connected me, the manager eventually looked into my account enough to see that there was a request. Her suggestion was that I call back tomorrow to ensure the pay off occured because they do not make payments before the due date. This make zero sense and I can pay this loan at any time and was told it would take XXXX when I called on XX/XX/XXXX. The manager told me that if by tomorrow morning, it was not complete, that I should then " apply pressure '' to make sure it's done. I explained that this seemed like a lot to ask for a customer to take on and I was concerned that if it was not done timely, there would be an impact to my credit score. The Customer Service I received surprised me and I lack confidence. I am just trying to end my relationship with the bank.

retail_banking:

I used PayPal to pay ( with my credit card ) an online astrologist for 3 services. The person received {$160.00} for 3 jobs. I received one job that was scam. I asked for a refund on the other 2. The person decline returning the money. I complaint with PayPal and the resolution was on favor of this person. I have emails as proof she never provided the 2 pending jobs. Not sure if this is the place to file a claim. PayPal is not helping. Case ID XXXX Transaction amount {$160.00} USD Dispute amount {$78.00} USD Transaction ID XXXX Transaction date XX/XX/2021 2021

Wells Fargo closed my checking account without warning and for no stated reason. I have a direct deposit coming into the account tomorrow and Wells did not give me sufficient time to change the direct deposit method with my employer. As a result of this action, my access to my funds will be delayed and I will be unable to pay my bills on time causing significant hardship.

credit_card:

Car parts totaling {$860.00} were purchased from XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX Order # XXXX using Citibank Credit Card. Parts were found defective and returned to XXXX on XX/XX/XXXX confirmed by XXXX. Refund or replacement parts were not received although many calls & letters were initiated since XX/XX/XXXX. I filed a dispute with Citibank XX/XX/XXXX - XXXX. I received correspondence by post on XX/XX/XXXX from Citibank dated XX/XX/XXXX indicating " We have made every effort to resolve this dispute with the merchant but have not been successful. '' We no longer have any additional recourse to pursue a credit for you. '' " You will need to seek other means to resolve this matter. '' I have not as of this date received a credit or replacement product.

I received an offer for a Jet Blue credit card. I called to discuss the offer because they gave me something different then i accepted. During the conversation I said I did not want to do business with the credit card company because I felt it was under false terms. I told them close the account, i did not want a card or any business with them. After the conversation i thought i was all set. I never received a card or any corespondence from Jet Blue. About 2 months later i received a email from a credit reporting agency stating i was delingient 2 months with Barclay credit card. I did research and found out it was jet blue. I called asked to have the previous call reviewed and asked to speak to a manager and that was declined. I stated i never received a card, bill, never activated or used the card and didnt understand how the card was used which caused me a bill. I was transferred around and then finally told i would get a call back. I got a call back from the fraud unit who was very rude and dismissing and said it was not fraud and they again would not allow me to speak to a manager or have the call reviewed where i said i never wanted the card because i felt JET BLUE LIED about the offer. I have worked very hard to build my credt and this caused my credit to drop over 100 points! PLEASE HELP resolve this issue.

credit_report:

I submitted a dispute to XXXX, XXXX, and TransUnion on XX/XX/2020 to notify them of the accommodations provided by the newly passed HEROES Act in relation to my credit report. After the allotted time, there was no adjustment made to my credit report from either agency with regards to the properly submitted documentation and in honorable of the Moratorium. After contacting each bureau I was instructed to contact CFPB and file my complaint. HEROES ACT Section 110401 is a Moratorium on negative credit reporting during COVID-19.

It has been 60days and I have not received my results back from the credit reporting agency. This action is grounds from immediate/prompt removal/deletion of all disputed items on my consumer report.

debt_collection:

On XX/XX/2021 I paid the XXXX offered amount to close the account of XXXX I paid the XXXX amount. The company stated account is close but reported to the agencies that I still owe. And falsely reported the amount 2 months in a row. According to the rude manager XXXX the account shows XXXX balance and is close. However 2 of my credit report show the Innovatice Recovery reporting me delinquent. My ECOA and FCRA right have been violated for 2 months.

Commenity Bank purposely uses an " unknown '' number to harass people. They call starting XXXX, and they call nonstop throughout the day. I can not block them because they use a private number deliberately. They also try not to identify themselves on the phone so as to " trick '' the customer into identifying themselves first.Their business practices are harassing and unethical, and they need to be put out of business. I do not owe the money they are calling me about, and they have not even contacted me by mail so that I can properly dispute the bill.
